fixed broken link (#32461)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/introduction/index.md

### Rendering data (views)

> Template engines (also referred to as "view engines" by _Express_'s documentation) allow you to specify the _structure_ of an output document in a template, using placeholders for data that will be filled in when a page is generated. Templates are often used to create HTML, but can also create other types of documents. Express has support for [a number of template engines](https://github.com/expressjs/express/wiki#template-engines), and there is a useful comparison of the more popular engines here: [Comparing JavaScript Templating Engines: Jade, Mustache, Dust and More](https://web.archive.org/web/20231008100314/https://strongloop.com/strongblog/compare-javascript-templates-jade-mustache-dust/).

Reviewer: Thank you very much. I generally prefer not to link to web archives because the chance is that the information is out of date. That is also true eventually of any link that we provide. In this case I've suggested an internet search - since that works, and means that people will get a more up to date view.

```suggestion
Template engines (also referred to as "view engines" in _Express_) allow you to specify the _structure_ of an output document in a template, using placeholders for data that will be filled in when a page is generated. Templates are often used to create HTML, but can also create other types of documents. Express has support for [a number of template engines](https://expressjs.com/en/resources/template-engines.html), each with its own strengths for addressing particular use cases (relative comparisons can easily be found via Internet search).
```
